[WIP] Adding procedure on archetype review and assessment (#6)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/proc_reviewing-an-archetype.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.2
:_template-generated: 2024-06-26
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="reviewing-an-archetype_{context}"]
= Reviewing an archetype

An archetype is considered reviewed when it has been reviewed once even if multiple questionnaires have been marked as required. 

NOTE: If an application is associated with several archetypes, this application is considered reviewed when all associated archetypes have been reviewed. 	

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to an {ProductShortName} server. 	

.Procedure

. Open the {ProductShortName} web console.
. Select the *Migration* view and click *Archetype*.
. Click the *Options* menu ({kebab}) and select *Review* from the drop-down menu..
. From the list of available questionnaires, click *Take* to select the desired assessment questionnaire.
. In the *Assessment* menu, answer the required questions.
. Select *Save and Review*. You will automatically be redirected to the *Review* tab.
. Enter the following information:

** *Proposed Action*: Proposed action required to complete the migration or modernization of the archetype. 

> ** *Effort estimate*: The level of effort required to perform the assessment of the selected archetype.

Reviewer: The level of effort required to perform the modernization/migration of the selected archetype.

Author: Ack, thank you! Adding your suggestion :-)

> ** *Effort estimate*: The level of effort required to perform the assessment of the selected archetype.

Author: ```suggestion
** *Effort estimate*: The level of effort required to perform the modernization or magration of the selected archetype.
```

> ** *Effort estimate*: The level of effort required to perform the modernization or magration of the selected archetype.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** *Effort estimate*: The level of effort required to perform the modernization or migration of the selected archetype.
```
